.TH "QwtAnalogClock" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtAnalogClock \- 
.PP
An analog clock.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_analog_clock.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtDial\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBHand\fP { \fBSecondHand\fP, \fBMinuteHand\fP, \fBHourHand\fP, \fBNHands\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetCurrentTime\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTime\fP (const QTime &=QTime::currentTime())"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtAnalogClock\fP (QWidget *parent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtAnalogClock\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetHand\fP (\fBHand\fP, \fBQwtDialNeedle\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtDialNeedle\fP * \fBhand\fP (\fBHand\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP * \fBhand\fP (\fBHand\fP)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtText\fP \fBscaleLabel\fP (double) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawNeedle\fP (QPainter *, const QPointF &, double radius, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawHand\fP (QPainter *, \fBHand\fP, const QPointF &, double radius, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
An analog clock. 

.PP
\fBExample\fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
#include <qwt_analog_clock.h>

  QwtAnalogClock *clock = new QwtAnalogClock(...);
  clock->scaleDraw()->setPenWidth(3);
  clock->setLineWidth(6);
  clock->setFrameShadow(QwtDial::Sunken);
  clock->setTime();

  // update the clock every second
  QTimer *timer = new QTimer(clock);
  timer->connect(timer, SIGNAL(timeout()), clock, SLOT(setCurrentTime()));
  timer->start(1000);

  
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
Qwt is missing a set of good looking hands. Contributions are very welcome.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The examples/dials example shows how to use \fBQwtAnalogClock\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtAnalogClock::Hand\fP"Hand type 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetHand()\fP, \fBhand()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fISecondHand \fP\fP
Needle displaying the seconds. 
.TP
\fB\fIMinuteHand \fP\fP
Needle displaying the minutes. 
.TP
\fB\fIHourHand \fP\fP
Needle displaying the hours. 
.TP
\fB\fINHands \fP\fP
Number of needles. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtAnalogClock::QwtAnalogClock (QWidget *parent = \fCNULL\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"Constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtAnalogClock::~QwtAnalogClock ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtAnalogClock::drawHand (QPainter *painter, \fBHand\fPhd, const QPointF &center, doubleradius, doubledirection, QPalette::ColorGroupcg) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"Draw a clock hand
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIhd\fP Specify the type of hand 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the clock 
.br
\fIradius\fP Maximum length for the hands 
.br
\fIdirection\fP Direction of the hand in degrees, counter clockwise 
.br
\fIcg\fP ColorGroup 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtAnalogClock::drawNeedle (QPainter *painter, const QPointF &center, doubleradius, doubledir, QPalette::ColorGroupcolorGroup) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the needle. A clock has no single needle but three hands instead. drawNeedle translates \fBvalue()\fP into directions for the hands and calls \fBdrawHand()\fP.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the clock 
.br
\fIradius\fP Maximum length for the hands 
.br
\fIdir\fP Dummy, not used. 
.br
\fIcolorGroup\fP ColorGroup
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawHand()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDial\fP.
.SS "\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP * QwtAnalogClock::hand (\fBHand\fPhd)"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Clock hand 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhd\fP Specifies the type of hand 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetHand()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtDialNeedle\fP * QwtAnalogClock::hand (\fBHand\fPhd) const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Clock hand 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhd\fP Specifies the type of hand 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetHand()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtAnalogClock::scaleLabel (doublevalue) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"Find the scale label for a given value
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP Value 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Label 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtDial\fP.
.SS "void QwtAnalogClock::setCurrentTime ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Set the current time. This is the same as \fBQwtAnalogClock::setTime()\fP, but Qt < 3.0 can't handle default parameters for slots. 
.SS "void QwtAnalogClock::setHand (\fBHand\fPhand, \fBQwtDialNeedle\fP *needle)\fC [virtual]\fP"Set a clockhand 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIhand\fP Specifies the type of hand 
.br
\fIneedle\fP Hand 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBhand()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtAnalogClock::setTime (const QTime &time = \fCQTime::currentTime()\fP)\fC [slot]\fP"Set a time 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItime\fP Time to display 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
