.TH "QwtColumnRect" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtColumnRect \- 
.PP
Directed rectangle representing bounding rectangle und orientation of a column.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_column_symbol.h>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBDirection\fP { \fBLeftToRight\fP, \fBRightToLeft\fP, \fBBottomToTop\fP, \fBTopToBottom\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtColumnRect\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QRectF \fBtoRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Qt::Orientation \fBorientation\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtInterval\fP \fBhInterval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtInterval\fP \fBvInterval\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDirection\fP \fBdirection\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Directed rectangle representing bounding rectangle und orientation of a column. 
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtColumnRect::Direction\fP"
.PP
Direction of the column. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fILeftToRight \fP\fP
From left to right. 
.TP
\fB\fIRightToLeft \fP\fP
From right to left. 
.TP
\fB\fIBottomToTop \fP\fP
From bottom to top. 
.TP
\fB\fITopToBottom \fP\fP
From top to bottom. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtColumnRect::QwtColumnRect ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Build an rectangle with invalid intervals directed BottomToTop. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Qt::Orientation QwtColumnRect::orientation () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Orientation 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QRectF QwtColumnRect::toRect () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A normalized QRect built from the intervals 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBDirection\fP \fBQwtColumnRect::direction\fP"
.PP
Direction. 
.SS "\fBQwtInterval\fP \fBQwtColumnRect::hInterval\fP"
.PP
Interval for the horizontal coordinates. 
.SS "\fBQwtInterval\fP \fBQwtColumnRect::vInterval\fP"
.PP
Interval for the vertical coordinates. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
