.TH "QwtDialNeedle" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtDialNeedle \- 
.PP
Base class for needles that can be used in a \fBQwtDial\fP.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_dial_needle.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtCompassMagnetNeedle\fP, \fBQwtCompassWindArrow\fP, and \fBQwtDialSimpleNeedle\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtDialNeedle\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetPalette\fP (const QPalette &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPalette & \fBpalette\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *painter, const QPointF &center, double length, double direction, QPalette::ColorGroup=QPalette::Active) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawNeedle\fP (QPainter *painter, double length, QPalette::ColorGroup colorGroup) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawKnob\fP (QPainter *, double width, const QBrush &, bool sunken) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Base class for needles that can be used in a \fBQwtDial\fP. 

\fBQwtDialNeedle\fP is a pointer that indicates a value by pointing to a specific direction.
.PP
Qwt is missing a set of good looking needles. Contributions are very welcome.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtDial\fP, \fBQwtCompass\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtDialNeedle::QwtDialNeedle ()"
.PP
Constructor. 
.SS "QwtDialNeedle::~QwtDialNeedle ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtDialNeedle::draw (QPainter *painter, const QPointF &center, doublelength, doubledirection, QPalette::ColorGroupcolorGroup = \fCQPalette::Active\fP) const\fC [virtual]\fP"Draw the needle
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcenter\fP Center of the dial, start position for the needle 
.br
\fIlength\fP Length of the needle 
.br
\fIdirection\fP Direction of the needle, in degrees counter clockwise 
.br
\fIcolorGroup\fP Color group, used for painting 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtDialNeedle::drawKnob (QPainter *painter, doublewidth, const QBrush &brush, boolsunken) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the knob. 
.SS "virtual void QwtDialNeedle::drawNeedle (QPainter *painter, doublelength, QPalette::ColorGroupcolorGroup) const\fC [protected, pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the needle. The origin of the needle is at position (0.0, 0.0 ) pointing in direction 0.0 ( = east ).
.PP
The painter is already initilaized with translation and rotation.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIlength\fP Length of the needle 
.br
\fIcolorGroup\fP Color group, used for painting
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetPalette()\fP, \fBpalette()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtDialSimpleNeedle\fP, \fBQwtCompassMagnetNeedle\fP, and \fBQwtCompassWindArrow\fP.
.SS "const QPalette & QwtDialNeedle::palette () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the palette of the needle. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtDialNeedle::setPalette (const QPalette &palette)\fC [virtual]\fP"Sets the palette for the needle.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpalette\fP New Palette 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
