.TH "QwtLegendItem" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtLegendItem \- 
.PP
A widget representing something on a QwtLegend().  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_legend_item.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtTextLabel\fP.
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetChecked\fP (bool on)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclicked\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpressed\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreleased\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBchecked\fP (bool)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLegendItem\fP (QWidget *parent=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtLegendItem\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetItemMode\fP (\fBQwtLegend::LegendItemMode\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLegend::LegendItemMode\fP \fBitemMode\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSpacing\fP (int spacing)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBspacing\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetText\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdentifier\fP (const QPixmap &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QPixmap \fBidentifier\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetIdentifierSize\fP (const QSize &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QSize \fBidentifierSize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBsizeHint\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisChecked\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDown\fP (bool)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisDown\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBpaintEvent\fP (QPaintEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmousePressEvent\fP (QMouseEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBmouseReleaseEvent\fP (QMouseEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBkeyPressEvent\fP (QKeyEvent *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBkeyReleaseEvent\fP (QKeyEvent *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A widget representing something on a QwtLegend(). 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtLegendItem::QwtLegendItem (QWidget *parent = \fC0\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparent\fP Parent widget 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtLegendItem::~QwtLegendItem ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::checked (bool)\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Signal, when the legend item has been toggled. 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::clicked ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Signal, when the legend item has been clicked. 
.SS "QPixmap QwtLegendItem::identifier () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
pixmap representing a plot item 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetIdentifier()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtLegendItem::identifierSize () const"Return the width of the identifier
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetIdentifierSize()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtLegendItem::isChecked () const"
.PP
Return true, if the item is checked. 
.SS "bool QwtLegendItem::isDown () const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Return true, if the item is down. 
.SS "\fBQwtLegend::LegendItemMode\fP QwtLegendItem::itemMode () const"Return the item mode
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetItemMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtLegendItem::keyPressEvent (QKeyEvent *e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handle key press events. 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::keyReleaseEvent (QKeyEvent *e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handle key release events. 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::mousePressEvent (QMouseEvent *e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handle mouse press events. 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::mouseReleaseEvent (QMouseEvent *e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Handle mouse release events. 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::paintEvent (QPaintEvent *e)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Paint event. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtTextLabel\fP.
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::pressed ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Signal, when the legend item has been pressed. 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::released ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Signal, when the legend item has been relased. 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setChecked (boolon)\fC [slot]\fP"Check/Uncheck a the item
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIon\fP check/uncheck 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetItemMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setDown (booldown)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Set the item being down. 
.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setIdentifier (const QPixmap &identifier)"Assign the identifier The identifier needs to be created according to the identifierWidth()
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIidentifier\fP Pixmap representing a plot item
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBidentifier()\fP, identifierWidth() 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setIdentifierSize (const QSize &size)"Set the size for the identifier Default is 8x8 pixels
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsize\fP New size
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBidentifierSize()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setItemMode (\fBQwtLegend::LegendItemMode\fPmode)"Set the item mode The default is \fBQwtLegend::ReadOnlyItem\fP
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImode\fP Item mode 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBitemMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setSpacing (intspacing)"Change the spacing 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIspacing\fP Spacing 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBspacing()\fP, identifierWidth(), \fBQwtTextLabel::margin()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtLegendItem::setText (const \fBQwtText\fP &text)\fC [virtual]\fP"Set the text to the legend item
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItext\fP Text label 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtTextLabel::text()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtTextLabel\fP.
.SS "QSize QwtLegendItem::sizeHint () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return a size hint. 
.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtTextLabel\fP.
.SS "int QwtLegendItem::spacing () const"Return the spacing 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSpacing()\fP, identifierWidth(), \fBQwtTextLabel::margin()\fP 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
