.TH "QwtLegendItemManager" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtLegendItemManager \- 
.PP
Abstract API to bind plot items to the legend.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_legend_itemmanager.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtLegendItemManager\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtLegendItemManager\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateLegend\fP (\fBQwtLegend\fP *legend) const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QWidget * \fBlegendItem\fP () const =0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawLegendIdentifier\fP (QPainter *, const QRectF &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Abstract API to bind plot items to the legend. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtLegendItemManager::QwtLegendItemManager ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. 
.SS "virtual QwtLegendItemManager::~QwtLegendItemManager ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "virtual void QwtLegendItemManager::drawLegendIdentifier (QPainter *, const QRectF &) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"\fBQwtLegendItem\fP can display an icon-identifier followed by a text. The icon helps to identify a plot item on the plot canvas and depends on the type of information, that is displayed.
.PP
The default implementation paints nothing. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP, \fBQwtPlotHistogram\fP, \fBQwtPlotIntervalCurve\fP, and \fBQwtPlotMarker\fP.
.SS "virtual QWidget* QwtLegendItemManager::legendItem () const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"Allocate the widget that represents the item on the legend 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Allocated widget 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBupdateLegend()\fP QwtLegend() 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "virtual void QwtLegendItemManager::updateLegend (\fBQwtLegend\fP *legend) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"Update the widget that represents the item on the legend 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlegend\fP Legend 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlegendItem()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP, \fBQwtPlotItem\fP, and \fBQwtPlotMarker\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
