.TH "QwtMathMLDocument" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtMathMLDocument \- 
.PP
The \fBQwtMathMLDocument\fP class renders mathematical formulas written in MathML 2.0.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBMmlFont\fP { \fBNormalFont\fP, \fBFrakturFont\fP, \fBSansSerifFont\fP, \fBScriptFont\fP, \fBMonospaceFont\fP, \fBDoublestruckFont\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtMathMLDocument\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~QwtMathMLDocument\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBsetContent\fP (QString text, QString *errorMsg=0, int *errorLine=0, int *errorColumn=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpaint\fP (QPainter *p, const QPoint &pos) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QSize \fBsize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBfontName\fP (MmlFont type) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetFontName\fP (MmlFont type, const QString &name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBbaseFontPointSize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetBaseFontPointSize\fP (int size)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The \fBQwtMathMLDocument\fP class renders mathematical formulas written in MathML 2.0. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtMathMLDocument::QwtMathMLDocument ()"Constructs an empty MML document. 
.SS "QwtMathMLDocument::~QwtMathMLDocument ()"Destroys the MML document. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int QwtMathMLDocument::baseFontPointSize () const"Returns the point size of the font used to render expressions whose scriptlevel is 0.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetBaseFontPointSize()\fP \fBfontName()\fP \fBsetFontName()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtMathMLDocument::clear ()"Clears the contents of this MML document. 
.SS "QString QwtMathMLDocument::fontName (QwtMathMLDocument::MmlFonttype) const"Returns the name of the font used to render the font \fItype\fP.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetFontName()\fP \fBsetBaseFontPointSize()\fP \fBbaseFontPointSize()\fP QwtMathMLDocument::MmlFont 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtMathMLDocument::paint (QPainter *p, const QPoint &pos) const"Renders this MML document with the painter \fIp\fP at position \fIpos\fP. 
.SS "void QwtMathMLDocument::setBaseFontPointSize (intsize)"Sets the point \fIsize\fP of the font used to render expressions whose scriptlevel is 0.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBbaseFontPointSize()\fP \fBfontName()\fP \fBsetFontName()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtMathMLDocument::setContent (QStringtext, QString *errorMsg = \fC0\fP, int *errorLine = \fC0\fP, int *errorColumn = \fC0\fP)"Sets the MathML expression to be rendered. The expression is given in the string \fItext\fP. If the expression is successfully parsed, this method returns true; otherwise it returns false. If an error occured \fIerrorMsg\fP is set to a diagnostic message, while \fIerrorLine\fP and \fIerrorColumn\fP contain the location of the error. Any of \fIerrorMsg\fP, \fIerrorLine\fP and \fIerrorColumn\fP may be 0, in which case they are not set.
.PP
\fItext\fP should contain MathML 2.0 presentation markup elements enclosed in a <math> element. 
.SS "void QwtMathMLDocument::setFontName (QwtMathMLDocument::MmlFonttype, const QString &name)"Sets the name of the font used to render the font \fItype\fP to \fIname\fP.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBfontName()\fP \fBsetBaseFontPointSize()\fP \fBbaseFontPointSize()\fP QwtMathMLDocument::MmlFont 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtMathMLDocument::size () const"Returns the size of this MML document, as rendered, in pixels. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
