.TH "QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem \- 
.PP
Base class for plot items representing a series of samples.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_seriesitem.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPlotSeriesItem< T >\fP, \fBQwtPlotSeriesItem< QPointF >\fP, \fBQwtPlotSeriesItem< QwtIntervalSample >\fP, and \fBQwtPlotSeriesItem< QwtPoint3D >\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem\fP (const QString &title=QString::null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &title)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetOrientation\fP (Qt::Orientation)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Qt::Orientation \fBorientation\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawSeries\fP (QPainter *painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &canvasRect, int from, int to) const =0"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Base class for plot items representing a series of samples. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem::QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem (const QString &title = \fCQString::null\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"Constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP Title of the curve 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem::QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem (const \fBQwtText\fP &title)\fC [explicit]\fP"Constructor 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP Title of the curve 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem::~QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem::draw (QPainter *painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &canvasRect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the complete series. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP Maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Maps y-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the canvas 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "virtual void QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem::drawSeries (QPainter *painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &canvasRect, intfrom, intto) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"Draw a subset of the samples
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP Maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Maps y-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the canvas 
.br
\fIfrom\fP Index of the first point to be painted 
.br
\fIto\fP Index of the last point to be painted. If to < 0 the curve will be painted to its last point. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP, \fBQwtPlotHistogram\fP, \fBQwtPlotIntervalCurve\fP, and \fBQwtPlotSpectroCurve\fP.
.SS "Qt::Orientation QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem::orientation () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Orientation of the plot item 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetOrientation()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotAbstractSeriesItem::setOrientation (Qt::Orientationorientation)"Set the orientation of the item.
.PP
The \fBorientation()\fP might be used in specific way by a plot item. F.e. a \fBQwtPlotCurve\fP uses it to identify how to display the curve int \fBQwtPlotCurve::Steps\fP or \fBQwtPlotCurve::Sticks\fP style.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBorientation()\fP 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
