.TH "QwtPickerMachine" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPickerMachine \- 
.PP
A state machine for \fBQwtPicker\fP selections.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_picker_machine.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBQwtPickerClickPointMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerClickRectMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerDragPointMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerDragRectMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerPolygonMachine\fP, and \fBQwtPickerTrackerMachine\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBSelectionType\fP { \fBNoSelection\fP =  -1, \fBPointSelection\fP, \fBRectSelection\fP, \fBPolygonSelection\fP }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBCommand\fP { \fBBegin\fP, \fBAppend\fP, \fBMove\fP, \fBRemove\fP, \fBEnd\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPickerMachine\fP (\fBSelectionType\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPickerMachine\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QList< \fBCommand\fP > \fBtransition\fP (const \fBQwtEventPattern\fP &, const QEvent *)=0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBreset\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstate\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetState\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSelectionType\fP \fBselectionType\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A state machine for \fBQwtPicker\fP selections. 

\fBQwtPickerMachine\fP accepts key and mouse events and translates them into selection commands.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtEventPattern::MousePatternCode\fP, \fBQwtEventPattern::KeyPatternCode\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPickerMachine::Command\fP"
.PP
Commands - the output of a state machine. 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPickerMachine::SelectionType\fP"Type of a selection. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBselectionType()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fINoSelection \fP\fP
The state machine not usable for any type of selection. 
.TP
\fB\fIPointSelection \fP\fP
The state machine is for selecting a single point. 
.TP
\fB\fIRectSelection \fP\fP
The state machine is for selecting a rectangle (2 points). 
.TP
\fB\fIPolygonSelection \fP\fP
The state machine is for selecting a polygon (many points). 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPickerMachine::QwtPickerMachine (\fBSelectionType\fPtype)"
.PP
Constructor. 
.SS "QwtPickerMachine::~QwtPickerMachine ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void QwtPickerMachine::reset ()"
.PP
Set the current state to 0. 
.SS "\fBQwtPickerMachine::SelectionType\fP QwtPickerMachine::selectionType () const"
.PP
Return the selection type. 
.SS "void QwtPickerMachine::setState (intstate)"
.PP
Change the current state. 
.SS "int QwtPickerMachine::state () const"
.PP
Return the current state. 
.SS "virtual QList<\fBCommand\fP> QwtPickerMachine::transition (const \fBQwtEventPattern\fP &, const QEvent *)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Transition. 
.PP
Implemented in \fBQwtPickerTrackerMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerClickPointMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerDragPointMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerClickRectMachine\fP, \fBQwtPickerDragRectMachine\fP, and \fBQwtPickerPolygonMachine\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
