.TH "QwtPlotMarker" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotMarker \- 
.PP
A class for drawing markers.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_marker.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBLineStyle\fP { \fBNoLine\fP, \fBHLine\fP, \fBVLine\fP, \fBCross\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotMarker\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotMarker\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrtti\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBxValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fByValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QPointF \fBvalue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetXValue\fP (double)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetYValue\fP (double)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetValue\fP (double, double)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetValue\fP (const QPointF &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLineStyle\fP (\fBLineStyle\fP st)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLineStyle\fP \fBlineStyle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLinePen\fP (const QPen &p)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QPen & \fBlinePen\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSymbol\fP (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtSymbol\fP * \fBsymbol\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLabel\fP (const \fBQwtText\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtText\fP \fBlabel\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLabelAlignment\fP (Qt::Alignment)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Qt::Alignment \fBlabelAlignment\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetLabelOrientation\fP (Qt::Orientation)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Qt::Orientation \fBlabelOrientation\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetSpacing\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBspacing\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QRectF \fBboundingRect\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateLegend\fP (\fBQwtLegend\fP *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawLegendIdentifier\fP (QPainter *, const QRectF &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawLines\fP (QPainter *, const QRectF &, const QPointF &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawLabel\fP (QPainter *, const QRectF &, const QPointF &) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class for drawing markers. 

A marker can be a horizontal line, a vertical line, a symbol, a label or any combination of them, which can be drawn around a center point inside a bounding rectangle.
.PP
The \fBQwtPlotMarker::setSymbol()\fP member assigns a symbol to the marker. The symbol is drawn at the specified point.
.PP
With \fBsetLabel()\fP, a label can be assigned to the marker. The \fBsetLabelAlignment()\fP member specifies where the label is drawn. All the Align*-constants in Qt::AlignmentFlags (see Qt documentation) are valid. The interpretation of the alignment depends on the marker's line style. The alignment refers to the center point of the marker, which means, for example, that the label would be printed left above the center point if the alignment was set to Qt::AlignLeft | Qt::AlignTop. 
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotMarker::LineStyle\fP"Line styles. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLineStyle()\fP, \fBlineStyle()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fINoLine \fP\fP
No line. 
.TP
\fB\fIHLine \fP\fP
A horizontal line. 
.TP
\fB\fIVLine \fP\fP
A vertical line. 
.TP
\fB\fICross \fP\fP
A crosshair. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotMarker::QwtPlotMarker ()\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Sets alignment to Qt::AlignCenter, and style to \fBQwtPlotMarker::NoLine\fP. 
.SS "QwtPlotMarker::~QwtPlotMarker ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QRectF QwtPlotMarker::boundingRect () const\fC [virtual]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
An invalid bounding rect: QRectF(1.0, 1.0, -2.0, -2.0) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::draw (QPainter *painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &canvasRect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"Draw the marker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP x Scale Map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP y Scale Map 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the canvas in painter coordinates 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::drawLabel (QPainter *painter, const QRectF &canvasRect, const QPointF &pos) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"Align and draw the text label of the marker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the canvas in painter coordinates 
.br
\fIpos\fP Position of the marker, translated into widget coordinates
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawLabel()\fP, \fBQwtSymbol::drawSymbol()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::drawLegendIdentifier (QPainter *painter, const QRectF &rect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the identifier representing the marker on the legend. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIrect\fP Bounding rectangle for the identifier
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBupdateLegend()\fP, \fBQwtPlotItem::Legend\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtLegendItemManager\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::drawLines (QPainter *painter, const QRectF &canvasRect, const QPointF &pos) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"Draw the lines marker
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the canvas in painter coordinates 
.br
\fIpos\fP Position of the marker, translated into widget coordinates
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawLabel()\fP, \fBQwtSymbol::drawSymbol()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtText\fP QwtPlotMarker::label () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the label 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLabel()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Qt::Alignment QwtPlotMarker::labelAlignment () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the label alignment 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLabelAlignment()\fP, \fBsetLabelOrientation()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "Qt::Orientation QwtPlotMarker::labelOrientation () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the label orientation 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLabelOrientation()\fP, \fBlabelAlignment()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QPen & QwtPlotMarker::linePen () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the line pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLinePen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtPlotMarker::LineStyle\fP QwtPlotMarker::lineStyle () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the line style 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetLineStyle()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlotMarker::rtti () const\fC [virtual]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlotItem::Rtti_PlotMarker 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setLabel (const \fBQwtText\fP &label)"
.PP
Set the label. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlabel\fP label text 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlabel()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setLabelAlignment (Qt::Alignmentalign)"
.PP
Set the alignment of the label. In case of \fBQwtPlotMarker::HLine\fP the alignment is relative to the y position of the marker, but the horizontal flags correspond to the canvas rectangle. In case of \fBQwtPlotMarker::VLine\fP the alignment is relative to the x position of the marker, but the vertical flags correspond to the canvas rectangle.
.PP
In all other styles the alignment is relative to the marker's position.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIalign\fP Alignment. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlabelAlignment()\fP, \fBlabelOrientation()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setLabelOrientation (Qt::Orientationorientation)"
.PP
Set the orientation of the label. When orientation is Qt::Vertical the label is rotated by 90.0 degrees ( from bottom to top ).
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIorientation\fP Orientation of the label
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlabelOrientation()\fP, \fBsetLabelAlignment()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setLinePen (const QPen &pen)"Specify a pen for the line.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpen\fP New pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlinePen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setLineStyle (\fBLineStyle\fPstyle)"
.PP
Set the line style. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstyle\fP Line style. 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlineStyle()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setSpacing (intspacing)"
.PP
Set the spacing. When the label is not centered on the marker position, the spacing is the distance between the position and the label.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIspacing\fP Spacing 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBspacing()\fP, \fBsetLabelAlignment()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setSymbol (const \fBQwtSymbol\fP *symbol)"
.PP
Assign a symbol. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsymbol\fP New symbol 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsymbol()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setValue (const QPointF &pos)"
.PP
Set Value. 
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setValue (doublex, doubley)"
.PP
Set Value. 
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setXValue (doublex)"
.PP
Set X Value. 
.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::setYValue (doubley)"
.PP
Set Y Value. 
.SS "int QwtPlotMarker::spacing () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the spacing 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSpacing()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtSymbol\fP * QwtPlotMarker::symbol () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the symbol 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetSymbol()\fP, \fBQwtSymbol\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotMarker::updateLegend (\fBQwtLegend\fP *legend) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Update the widget that represents the item on the legend. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlegend\fP Legend 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawLegendIdentifier()\fP, \fBlegendItem()\fP, \fBitemChanged()\fP, QwtLegend()
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
In the default setting \fBQwtPlotItem::Legend\fP is disabled 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "QPointF QwtPlotMarker::value () const"
.PP
Return Value. 
.SS "double QwtPlotMarker::xValue () const"
.PP
Return x Value. 
.SS "double QwtPlotMarker::yValue () const"
.PP
Return y Value. 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
