.TH "QwtPlotSpectrogram" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtPlotSpectrogram \- 
.PP
A plot item, which displays a spectrogram.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_plot_spectrogram.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBDisplayMode\fP { \fBImageMode\fP =  0x01, \fBContourMode\fP =  0x02 }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef QFlags< \fBDisplayMode\fP > \fBDisplayModes\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtPlotSpectrogram\fP (const QString &title=QString::null)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~QwtPlotSpectrogram\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRenderThreadCount\fP (uint numThreads)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "uint \fBrenderThreadCount\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDisplayMode\fP (\fBDisplayMode\fP, bool on=true)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestDisplayMode\fP (\fBDisplayMode\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetData\fP (\fBQwtRasterData\fP *data)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtRasterData\fP * \fBdata\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtRasterData\fP * \fBdata\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetColorMap\fP (\fBQwtColorMap\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBQwtColorMap\fP * \fBcolorMap\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtInterval\fP \fBinterval\fP (Qt::Axis) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QRectF \fBpixelHint\fP (const QRectF &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDefaultContourPen\fP (const QPen &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QPen \fBdefaultContourPen\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QPen \fBcontourPen\fP (double level) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetConrecFlag\fP (\fBQwtRasterData::ConrecFlag\fP, bool on)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBtestConrecFlag\fP (\fBQwtRasterData::ConrecFlag\fP) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetContourLevels\fP (const QList< double > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "QList< double > \fBcontourLevels\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBrtti\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdraw\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &rect) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QImage \fBrenderImage\fP (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &area, const QSize &imageSize) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual QSize \fBcontourRasterSize\fP (const QRectF &, const QRect &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBQwtRasterData::ContourLines\fP \fBrenderContourLines\fP (const QRectF &rect, const QSize &raster) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBdrawContourLines\fP (QPainter *p, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const \fBQwtRasterData::ContourLines\fP &lines) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrenderTile\fP (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRect &imageRect, QImage *image) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A plot item, which displays a spectrogram. 

A spectrogram displays threedimenional data, where the 3rd dimension ( the intensity ) is displayed using colors. The colors are calculated from the values using a color map.
.PP
In ContourMode contour lines are painted for the contour levels.
.PP
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtRasterData\fP, \fBQwtColorMap\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "typedef QFlags<\fBDisplayMode\fP> \fBQwtPlotSpectrogram::DisplayModes\fP"
.PP
Display modes. 
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtPlotSpectrogram::DisplayMode\fP"The display mode controls how the raster data will be represented. 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetDisplayMode()\fP, \fBtestDisplayMode()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIImageMode \fP\fP
The values are mapped to colors using a color map. 
.TP
\fB\fIContourMode \fP\fP
The data is displayed using contour lines. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtPlotSpectrogram::QwtPlotSpectrogram (const QString &title = \fCQString::null\fP)\fC [explicit]\fP"Sets the following item attributes:
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBQwtPlotItem::AutoScale\fP: true
.IP "\(bu" 2
\fBQwtPlotItem::Legend\fP: false
.PP
.PP
The z value is initialized by 8.0.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItitle\fP Title
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotItem::setItemAttribute()\fP, \fBQwtPlotItem::setZ()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtPlotSpectrogram::~QwtPlotSpectrogram ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBQwtColorMap\fP * QwtPlotSpectrogram::colorMap () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Color Map used for mapping the intensity values to colors 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetColorMap()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QList< double > QwtPlotSpectrogram::contourLevels () const"
.PP
Return the levels of the contour lines. The levels are sorted in increasing order.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcontourLevels()\fP, \fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QPen QwtPlotSpectrogram::contourPen (doublelevel) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Calculate the pen for a contour line. The color of the pen is the color for level calculated by the color map
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlevel\fP Contour level 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Pen for the contour line 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
contourPen is only used if \fBdefaultContourPen()\fP.style() == Qt::NoPen
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetDefaultContourPen()\fP, \fBsetColorMap()\fP, \fBsetContourLevels()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QSize QwtPlotSpectrogram::contourRasterSize (const QRectF &area, const QRect &rect) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Return the raster to be used by the CONREC contour algorithm. A larger size will improve the precisision of the CONREC algorithm, but will slow down the time that is needed to calculate the lines.
.PP
The default implementation returns rect.size() / 2 bounded to the resolution depending on pixelSize().
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIarea\fP Rect, where to calculate the contour lines 
.br
\fIrect\fP Rect in pixel coordinates, where to paint the contour lines 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Raster to be used by the CONREC contour algorithm.
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
The size will be bounded to rect.size().
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdrawContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const \fBQwtRasterData\fP * QwtPlotSpectrogram::data () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Spectrogram data 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetData()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtRasterData\fP * QwtPlotSpectrogram::data ()"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Spectrogram data 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetData()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QPen QwtPlotSpectrogram::defaultContourPen () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Default contour pen 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetDefaultContourPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::draw (QPainter *painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &canvasRect) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Draw the spectrogram. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP Maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Maps y-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIcanvasRect\fP Contents rect of the canvas in painter coordinates
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetDisplayMode()\fP, \fBrenderImage()\fP, \fBQwtPlotRasterItem::draw()\fP, \fBdrawContourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::drawContourLines (QPainter *painter, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const \fBQwtRasterData::ContourLines\fP &contourLines) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"Paint the contour lines
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpainter\fP Painter 
.br
\fIxMap\fP Maps x-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Maps y-values into pixel coordinates. 
.br
\fIcontourLines\fP Contour lines
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBdefaultContourPen()\fP, \fBcontourPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtInterval\fP QwtPlotSpectrogram::interval (Qt::Axisaxis) const\fC [virtual]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Bounding interval for an axis
.RE
.PP
The default implementation returns the interval of the associated raster data object.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIaxis\fP X, Y, or Z axis 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtRasterData::interval()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP.
.SS "QRectF QwtPlotSpectrogram::pixelHint (const QRectF &area) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Pixel hint. The geometry of a pixel is used to calculated the resolution and alignment of the rendered image.
.PP
The default implementation returns \fBdata()\fP->pixelHint( rect );
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIarea\fP In most implementations the resolution of the data doesn't depend on the requested area.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Bounding rectangle of a pixel
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtPlotRasterItem::pixelHint()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::pixelHint()\fP, render(), \fBrenderImage()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP.
.SS "\fBQwtRasterData::ContourLines\fP QwtPlotSpectrogram::renderContourLines (const QRectF &rect, const QSize &raster) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"Calculate contour lines
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIrect\fP Rectangle, where to calculate the contour lines 
.br
\fIraster\fP Raster, used by the CONREC algorithm
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcontourLevels()\fP, \fBsetConrecFlag()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QImage QwtPlotSpectrogram::renderImage (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRectF &area, const QSize &imageSize) const\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Render an image from data and color map. For each pixel of rect the value is mapped into a color.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxMap\fP X-Scale Map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Y-Scale Map 
.br
\fIarea\fP Requested area for the image in scale coordinates 
.br
\fIimageSize\fP Size of the requested image
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A QImage::Format_Indexed8 or QImage::Format_ARGB32 depending on the color map.
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBQwtRasterData::value()\fP, \fBQwtColorMap::rgb()\fP, \fBQwtColorMap::colorIndex()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBQwtPlotRasterItem\fP.
.SS "uint QwtPlotSpectrogram::renderThreadCount () const"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Number of threads to be used for rendering. If numThreads is set to 0, the system specific ideal thread count is used.
.RE
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
Rendering in multiple threads is only supported for Qt >= 4.4 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBsetRenderThreadCount()\fP, \fBrenderImage()\fP, \fBrenderTile()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::renderTile (const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &xMap, const \fBQwtScaleMap\fP &yMap, const QRect &tile, QImage *image) const\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Render a tile of an image. Rendering in tiles can be used to composite an image in parallel threads.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIxMap\fP X-Scale Map 
.br
\fIyMap\fP Y-Scale Map 
.br
\fItile\fP Geometry of the tile in image coordinates 
.br
\fIimage\fP Image to be rendered 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int QwtPlotSpectrogram::rtti () const\fC [virtual]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
QwtPlotItem::Rtti_PlotSpectrogram 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBQwtPlotItem\fP.
.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setColorMap (\fBQwtColorMap\fP *colorMap)"Change the color map
.PP
Often it is useful to display the mapping between intensities and colors as an additional plot axis, showing a color bar.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIcolorMap\fP Color Map
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcolorMap()\fP, \fBQwtScaleWidget::setColorBarEnabled()\fP, \fBQwtScaleWidget::setColorMap()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setConrecFlag (\fBQwtRasterData::ConrecFlag\fPflag, boolon)"Modify an attribute of the CONREC algorithm, used to calculate the contour lines.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIflag\fP CONREC flag 
.br
\fIon\fP On/Off
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBtestConrecFlag()\fP, \fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setContourLevels (const QList< double > &levels)"Set the levels of the contour lines
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlevels\fP Values of the contour levels 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcontourLevels()\fP, \fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
contourLevels returns the same levels but sorted. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setData (\fBQwtRasterData\fP *data)"Set the data to be displayed
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP Spectrogram Data 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdata()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setDefaultContourPen (const QPen &pen)"
.PP
Set the default pen for the contour lines. If the spectrogram has a valid default contour pen a contour line is painted using the default contour pen. Otherwise (pen.style() == Qt::NoPen) the pen is calculated for each contour level using \fBcontourPen()\fP.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBdefaultContourPen()\fP, \fBcontourPen()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setDisplayMode (\fBDisplayMode\fPmode, boolon = \fCtrue\fP)"The display mode controls how the raster data will be represented.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImode\fP Display mode 
.br
\fIon\fP On/Off
.RE
.PP
The default setting enables ImageMode.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBDisplayMode\fP, displayMode() 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtPlotSpectrogram::setRenderThreadCount (uintnumThreads)"Rendering an image from the raster data can often be done parallel on a multicore system.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInumThreads\fP Number of threads to be used for rendering. If numThreads is set to 0, the system specific ideal thread count is used.
.RE
.PP
The default thread count is 1 ( = no additional threads )
.PP
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
Rendering in multiple threads is only supported for Qt >= 4.4 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBrenderThreadCount()\fP, \fBrenderImage()\fP, \fBrenderTile()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlotSpectrogram::testConrecFlag (\fBQwtRasterData::ConrecFlag\fPflag) const"Test an attribute of the CONREC algorithm, used to calculate the contour lines.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIflag\fP CONREC flag 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true, is enabled
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
setConrecClag(), \fBrenderContourLines()\fP, \fBQwtRasterData::contourLines()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtPlotSpectrogram::testDisplayMode (\fBDisplayMode\fPmode) const"The display mode controls how the raster data will be represented.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImode\fP Display mode 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if mode is enabled 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
