.TH "QwtScaleDiv" 3 "Fri Apr 15 2011" "Version 6.0.0" "Qwt User's Guide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QwtScaleDiv \- 
.PP
A class representing a scale division.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <qwt_scale_div.h>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBTickType\fP { \fBNoTick\fP =  -1, \fBMinorTick\fP, \fBMediumTick\fP, \fBMajorTick\fP, \fBNTickTypes\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleDiv\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleDiv\fP (const \fBQwtInterval\fP &, QList< double >[NTickTypes])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtScaleDiv\fP (double lowerBound, double upperBound, QList< double >[NTickTypes])"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &s) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &s) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetInterval\fP (double lowerBound, double upperBound)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetInterval\fP (const \fBQwtInterval\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBQwtInterval\fP \fBinterval\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBlowerBound\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBupperBound\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBrange\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcontains\fP (double v) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetTicks\fP (int type, const QList< double > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const QList< double > & \fBticks\fP (int type) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinvalidate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisValid\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinvert\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A class representing a scale division. 

A scale division consists of its limits and 3 list of tick values qualified as major, medium and minor ticks.
.PP
In most cases scale divisions are calculated by a \fBQwtScaleEngine\fP.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
subDivideInto(), subDivide() 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBQwtScaleDiv::TickType\fP"
.PP
Scale tick types. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fINoTick \fP\fP
No ticks. 
.TP
\fB\fIMinorTick \fP\fP
Minor ticks. 
.TP
\fB\fIMediumTick \fP\fP
Medium ticks. 
.TP
\fB\fIMajorTick \fP\fP
Major ticks. 
.TP
\fB\fINTickTypes \fP\fP
Number of valid tick types. 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "QwtScaleDiv::QwtScaleDiv ()\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Construct an invalid \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP instance. 
.SS "QwtScaleDiv::QwtScaleDiv (const \fBQwtInterval\fP &interval, QList< double >ticks[NTickTypes])\fC [explicit]\fP"Construct \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP instance.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinterval\fP Interval 
.br
\fIticks\fP List of major, medium and minor ticks 
.RE
.PP

.SS "QwtScaleDiv::QwtScaleDiv (doublelowerBound, doubleupperBound, QList< double >ticks[NTickTypes])\fC [explicit]\fP"Construct \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP instance.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlowerBound\fP First interval limit 
.br
\fIupperBound\fP Second interval limit 
.br
\fIticks\fP List of major, medium and minor ticks 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool QwtScaleDiv::contains (doublevalue) const"Return if a value is between \fBlowerBound()\fP and \fBupperBound()\fP
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIvalue\fP Value 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true/false 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBQwtInterval\fP QwtScaleDiv::interval () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
lowerBound -> upperBound 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtScaleDiv::invalidate ()"
.PP
Invalidate the scale division. 
.SS "void QwtScaleDiv::invert ()"
.PP
Invert the scale divison. 
.SS "bool QwtScaleDiv::isValid () const"
.PP
Check if the scale division is valid. 
.SS "double QwtScaleDiv::lowerBound () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
lower bound 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBupperBound()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtScaleDiv::operator!= (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &s) const"
.PP
Inequality. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if this instance is not equal to s 
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool QwtScaleDiv::operator== (const \fBQwtScaleDiv\fP &other) const"
.PP
Equality operator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if this instance is equal to other 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtScaleDiv::range () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBupperBound()\fP - \fBlowerBound()\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtScaleDiv::setInterval (const \fBQwtInterval\fP &interval)"Change the interval 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinterval\fP Interval 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtScaleDiv::setInterval (doublelowerBound, doubleupperBound)\fC [inline]\fP"Change the interval 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIlowerBound\fP lower bound 
.br
\fIupperBound\fP upper bound 
.RE
.PP

.SS "void QwtScaleDiv::setTicks (inttype, const QList< double > &ticks)"Assign ticks
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItype\fP MinorTick, MediumTick or MajorTick 
.br
\fIticks\fP Values of the tick positions 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const QList< double > & QwtScaleDiv::ticks (inttype) const"Return a list of ticks
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fItype\fP MinorTick, MediumTick or MajorTick 
.RE
.PP

.SS "double QwtScaleDiv::upperBound () const\fC [inline]\fP"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
upper bound 
.RE
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
\fBlowerBound()\fP 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Qwt User's Guide from the source code.
